It brings us great joy to help our Bible students feed themselves spiritually, so they can
continue to make spiritual progress and move ever closer to serving Jehovah.
The spiritual food that they digest at their weekly Bible study or their own personal
research is very beneficial.
It fills that spiritual need, that void in them, and it's also very appetizing, much like
eating an appetizer.
An appetizer is something that is served before serving the main course.
It's meant to wet the appetite before eating the main course.
Have you invited your Bible student to enjoy the main course of spiritual food at the
Kingdom Hall?
Many have, and they have seen their students advance and really become happier.
But some have held back.
They feel that they don't want to rush their student into anything, put too much pressure
on them.
But this is exactly what your student needs.
And fight them as soon as possible.
Never hold back, because you could possibly be holding them back from making progress.
Think about how the meetings have helped you personally and your family, and think about
how the meetings will help your student.
King David knew that finding joy and true happiness only comes from drawing close to Jehovah
and worshipping him at his house.
Notice what he says at Psalm 65 and verse 4.
He says, Happy is the one whom you choose and bring near to reside in your courtyards.
We will be satisfied with the goodness of your house, your holy temple.
Well, no doubt your Bible student is happy with their Bible study and what they're learning
about Jehovah.
They have deep gratitude.
Well, what is gratitude?
Gratitude means appreciating what kindness is shown to you, but it also means showing appreciation
and returning kindness.
Worshiping Jehovah is how we return kindness, show our appreciation and our gratitude.
And when we do this, Jehovah is happy, which makes us happy as well.
This in the following dramatization, how Nita invites her Bible study, Jade, to attend meetings.
What is this?
Yeah, assisted died in that attack.
It was really sad.
That's time and unexpected events.
Well, it's one of those cases.
What about when someone survives because they're at the meeting?
That's...
I don't get it.
Does Jehovah protect witnesses or not?
Funny.
My meeting part tonight covers that point.
Why don't you come?
You're really pushing those meetings, aren't you?
What time?
I couldn't believe I missed her part.
But it wasn't a total loss.
Nita had said, at the hall, everyone loves one another.
But until I'd felt it, I had no idea.
How did Jade feel when she attended her first meeting?
Well, she really enjoyed it.
And she remembered what Nita told her, that everyone at the kingdom hall loves one another.
And Jade had to admit, but until I felt it, I had no idea.
She could have read it, she could have heard about it, but until she was there and feeling the love,
she wanted to come back.
The ascending meetings go hand in hand with making spiritual progress.
As much as they love their home Bible study, it's like an appetizer.
It's one part of the spiritual feeding program that Jehovah provides at the kingdom hall that main course provided through the faithful slave.
So during each Bible study, it would be good to explain to your student what has affected you, what impacted you,
what made wise decisions, what encouraged you, share it with them, and share a point that would help them.
Again, wet their appetite, peak their interest.
And when they come to the meeting, they will see true Christian love, unfailing love, in action.
They will see others trying to put into action and applying what they're learning at the meetings.
They will make true friends that will help support them and help them to progress spiritually.
Attending meetings can be a bit intimidating for some and cause some anxiety.
So it would be good to explain to them what they might expect when they attend.
And one of the best ways to do this is showing them a video entitled What Happens at a Kingdom Hall.
And this will really put them at ease and really help them to have less anxiety when they do finally come.
It would be good to also invite others to the Bible study so that when your student does finally make it to the meeting,
they will see many familiar faces and feel much more comfortable.
And let the friends at the congregation know that your student is coming to the meeting so that when they walk into the door,
they can come over, give them a warm welcome, make them feel comfortable.
This is what Mita did for Jade and it worked so well. It helped her to progress.
Your student is a guest in Jehovah's House. Make them feel special.
Make them feel comfortable by offering practical help before the meeting as well as during the meeting.
So well in advance, what they're appetite and what they will learn once they come to the meeting.
It's like showing them a menu of what they will enjoy with the main course at the meeting.
Offer to provide a ride to your student and have them sit with you at the meetings.
It would also be good to make sure that they have the publications that will be discussed at the meeting.
Either hard copy or have it downloaded on their device.
As we have discussed attending meetings and enjoying the main course of spiritual food at the Kingdom Hall,
will help your student in so many ways. It will make them feel happier,
helps them to continue progressing so they can draw close to Jehovah.
The Apostle Paul gives us some more indications on what your student can enjoy.
Please, notice with me what he says at Colossians chapter 2 and verse 7.
He said in verse 6 that they should keep on walking but then in verse 7 that they should be rooted
and built up in him, Jesus, and being stabilized into faith.
Just as you were taught and then overflowing with thanksgiving.
So their appreciation, their gratitude, they will want to go to the meetings and worship Jehovah.
So continue to find joy in helping your student feed themselves spiritually but also help them to appreciate attending meetings on a weekly basis.
Make it a way of life for them so they can enjoy everlasting life.
Brother Kenneth Cook, a member of the governing body, will now consider the next part of this symposium entitled,
Help your Bible students to avoid bad associations.